yo yo yo what's going on folks le geek
back once again this time with a nice
little unboxing for a nice little case I
just picked up I saw it at Game Stop and
I went to go pick up a little big planet
and I decided what the hell so let's go
ahead and jump into this bad boy let's
look at the back see the back you have
the bobblehead sack boy a wrist strap
the actual case comes with red earbuds a
cloth and a weekend pursuits costume
pack so that's pretty awesome
alright so let's go ahead and take this
I don't know the codes are so that's why
I'm pulling this off even though I can
still upload this before but whatever
alright so first off we have the sack
boy and see little bobble head pretty
cool I'll probably put it on my desk at
work so yeah whatever I'm not gonna
leave this on the house I'll probably
put that on my desk at work okay so
they're inside alright flip this over so
it has first thing you see when you get
in is a nice little piece of paper that
has codes on the back I'm not gonna flip
it over because my codes are on the back
I don't want to make people think
they're gonna get anything even though I
am going to use them as soon as I finish
this video the next thing we have is the
LittleBigPlanet cloth it just has a
little big planet all over it
see if you guys can see that it's cool
nice little detail looks like it has
looks like an afro
sackboy over the back end here goes oh
okay yeah here goes the case you can see
it's a nice little sack boy with a
pretty good design on it with a little
keychain type thing on one of the thick
plastic ones those are definitely pretty
cool and on the inside it says
LittleBigPlanet all over so that's a
plus
I like it I like it I like it I like it
here goes the wrist strap it's kind of
like a champagne color pretty much
matches this but these are basically a
champagne color or if you want to be
technical kind of say it's a little bit
darker than some than the the non berry
pieces and Captain Crunch cereal and
here goes the earbuds really hate ear
buds I don't like the way they fill in
my ears so I definitely will probably
not be using these yeah but that wrist
strap though yeah yeah I think I'm gonna
put this one on I like this so that's
pretty much it guys for this one it's
$30 if you want to pick it up from Best
Buy I believe I mean from Best Buy from
Gamestop and I believe this is a I don't
know but whatever
so looks like it fits pretty good works
like a charm if you're bad with I
definitely say if you're bad with
keeping your stuff clean this is not the
case for you at all luckily I'm a very
I'm very good with not allowing my stuff
to get dirty so this should last me for
quite some time
worst case scenario I'll just put it off
to the side and keep it as like a
novelty type of item anyways folks
thanks for watching stay tuned yeah